{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18040\viewh10080\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Our submission file will contain 5 directories: code, data, images, images_backup, and notebooks. \
\
Code\
	In this directory, it will contain most of the codes that we wrote, such as plotting the graphs, saving images, and refining data,. There will be 3 python script, which are __init__.py, fixdata.py, and generategraphs.py. Respectively it\'92s for \'85. , refine the given csv file, and generating all the graph that we created. \
\
Data\
	This directory will contain all the data we need. There will be a json file, the provided data, the refined data that we create and a mask.jpg for our word cloud later on.\
\
Images and images backup\
	Images will contain all the images that we saved through the script, there might be some pdf files, for it is to big to be saved on a png file. Images backup are already loaded by us, for marker to see. It will take more than 1 hour to generate all the files for us and some of the images is different for some people, some of them might not be readable at all.  \
 \
Notebooks\
	This directory will only contain our analysis about the data.\
\
Note: we use anaconda which supplies Jupyter notebook. Thus, most of the libraries are already installed, such as matplotlib.\
\
The following must be installed to run the notebook:\
\
 	1. Wordcloud}